All right, cool.
So we went through and compiled our executable,
and now we're actually going to look at running the environment.
This is what the output of that should look like,
where here we have our ego car in green,
we have these other traffic cars in blue,
and it's all sitting nicely on this little virtual highway street.
So for doing the instructions for running this simulation environment now.
Once you actually compile
that executable is actually pretty straight forward just to run it,
all you have to do is do.
/environment within that bell directory.
Then, we'll be able to look around this environment,
we can use the mouse to zoom around,
orbit and just check out our scene.
So let's go ahead and check that out inside belt if we just do environment.
We now have this highway environment to look at with our green car,
and so go ahead and try this out for yourself now.
Launch the environment, just go ahead and explore what that looks like.